Xiao Rui, you spoke
Mom, are you happy?
Of course I'm happy.
Can Xiao Rui say more?
Mom wants to hear your voice
I can't speak.
Miss Zuo, I would like to talk to you alone
Xiao Rui left you alone
Here's 50 million.
Thank you for your help to Jingrui during this time.
You have time
Why don't you spend more time on Xiao Rui?
I only put a lot more thought into Jing Rui
He eats, dresses, and uses the best of everything
I got him the best doctor in the world
The best teacher in the country
This is what you call a womanizer
The dignified heir of the Lin family
With your ability
It will take so long to find the children
And he was right.
With my ability
It's impossible to find out the whereabouts of the guard for so long
Unless someone is a guest
You take the check back
My name is Xiao Rui, what is it?
Do you know where I first met him?
Such a small child
Lying on the side of the road
A little bit of wind could pull him into traffic
I don't know who it is.
And Rui is not congenitally dumb, you know?
He has a mental disorder
Can't speak
I just wanted to ask you such a young child
What exactly can cause a psychological disorder?